Updated: November 28, 2020 6:02 PM

This evening will be fall-time pleasant in the 50s with high thin clouds
streaming by. Overnight, clouds will increase with lows from 38-44. Sunday will
begin quietly, becoming mostly cloudy with highs in the upper 50s to 62. 

Then, we'll have an active weather pattern from Sunday PM through Tuesday AM.
Everyone will experience rain, dramatically colder temps, and wind. Only some
(mainly higher elevations) will experience light snow showers. Timing it all
out... scattered rain showers will arrive by about 4pm in our southwestern
counties on Sunday. Rain coverage will increase through Sunday night with a few
embedded thunderstorms. Total rainfall from 0.5-1", locally higher. Light rain
showers will end Monday morning, and cold air will move in. Tracking
temperatures on Monday, highs will be around midnight, in the morning near 42,
holding about steady through lunchtime, and then falling for the rest of the
day. Winter coats will be needed. As temperatures drop on Monday, the residual
moisture will be squeezed out and some flurries (valley) and light snow showers
(higher elevations) will be possible Monday afternoon through Tuesday morning.
The heaviest period will likely be Monday evening/night. Any accumulations will
be light and limited to grassy and elevated surfaces in the higher
elevations/northern counties. Generally speaking 0.1-0.5" with 1" in the highest
terrain locally.

As flurries end on Tuesday morning, the big weather focus will be the cold with
highs only in the upper 30s to 40 and wind chills in the 20s to mid-30s. It will
be a mostly sunny sky. Wednesday morning will start in the low to mid-20s with
afternoon highs around 50 and sunny.