Updated: December 24, 2020 6:21 AM

The first weather focus of the day is on the rain. It'll be heavy at times with
the possibility of a few embedded thunderstorms. Rain should clear Chattanooga
by early afternoon. Total rainfall at 1-2". If you're driving early, be careful
of standing water and hydroplaning. Wind will also be gusty this morning,
particularly in the higher elevations, as a cold front approaches and then
passes our area. Wind Advisories are in place for many of our counties for wind
at 15-25mph and gusts at 40mph.

Next up are dropping temperatures. After the cold front passes this morning,
temperatures will be falling for the rest of the day. Expect 40s around
lunchtime and then 30s for the afternoon for most locations.

Lastly, comes the wintry mix and possible snow. Around late morning to noon, a
brief transition to wintry mix and light snow/flurries will be possible along
the Cumberland Plateau. There won't be as much moisture to work with. Then, late
afternoon to evening there will be a period of snow showers for areas east of
I-75. This snow could be moderate at times. This setup is primarily a higher
elevation event, especially our eastern mountains. Valley locations, you'll
likely only see flurries if anything - eastern McMinn County has the best chance
for a dusting in the valley. Cumberland Plateau about a dusting to 0.5", 1" in
the highest elevations. Eastern mountains at 0.5-1.5", up to 3" in the very
highest mountains.

Now, let's talk Christmas Day. Christmas morning will be very cold. Lows will be
in the upper teens to low 20s. Wind chill temps from 5-15 degrees. You'll need
to watch for black ice. Afternoon highs will be in the upper 20s to low 30s with
a mix of sun and clouds. Saturday and Sunday will warm up each day with mostly
sunny skies.