Updated: November 10, 2020 4:28 AM

Good Tuesday. We hit a record high yesterday in Chattanooga
making it up to 82. That broke the old record of 81 set in
2005. We will come close to the record high of 80 today with
the forecast high being 78. Expect increasing clouds through
the day with some spotty showers during the mid to late
afternoon. Those showers will last on and off through the
overnight and into Wednesday morning. Tuesday night we can
expect some heavier rain in the Blue Ridge near Murphy, NC.

Wednesday a slow-moving front will move through bringing
more widely scattered showers and a few thunderstorms. They
will pop up through the day, but I don't expect any severe
weather or flooding issues.

Rainfall amounts through Wednesday will range from 1/4"-1/2"
west of I-75 to 1" to 2" east of I-75.

Thursday and Friday will be a little cooler and dry with
highs in the low 70s.

Saturday will be mostly cloudy with a very slight chance for
a shower and a high of 71. A front moving through Sunday
will bring more widely scattered showers through the day
Sunday. Behind that front we can expect much cooler weather
next week. Highs will drop into the low 60s. Lows will fall
to about 40.

In the tropics:

-Tropical Storm Eta now is forecast to make landfall as a
tropical depression along the gulf coast near Pensacola
Saturday night into Sunday morning.

-SUB-tropical Storm Theta is in the Atlantic, but will move
east toward the Azores.
-An area of interest is in the Caribbean and has a 60%
chance of developing over the next 5 days into a tropical
storm.

For the latest, download the WERCB weather app. David Karnes