Updated: November 18, 2021 10:21 AM

Happy Thursday, everyone! We enjoyed a dry & mild start to our day, but changes
will be arriving this afternoon. Your afternoon forecast will include increasing
clouds, with scattered light rain showers moving through the region. Rainfall
amounts will remain fairly light, less than 0.25 in most locations. Temperatures
will also be dropping from the 60s at lunch time, into the 50s and 40s by late
this afternoon & evening. Make sure you have a hoodie or sweater for your
late-day plans.

Tonight, look for skies to clear quickly, and temperatures to continue to drop.
This means the weather should be clear for the viewing of the Partial Lunar
Eclipse occurring early Friday morning, but it will also be cold. Overnight lows
will fall into the lower 30s.

Friday will feature plenty of sunshine, but cold conditions. Highs will struggle
to reach the upper 40s and lower 50s across the area. Saturday will feature
another cold start, with highs once again rebounding into the mid to upper 50s
with plenty of sunshine.

Our next cold front begins to approach the area on Sunday. The first half of the
day will feature increasing clouds and mild temps. Highs should climb into the
upper 50s to near 60. Rain arrives Sunday evening into Sunday night. This system
could provide a decent soaking across the area.

Monday will be a blustery day with clearing skies & very cold air filtering into
the region. Our High temperature will likely occur just after midnight Monday
morning, with temperatures falling throughout the day Monday. Monday night will
feature the coldest air of the season, and likely a hard freeze. Overnight lows
will drop into the 20s area wide. A sun & cloud mix will hang around during the
holiday week with fairly low rain chances possible just after Thanksgiving Day.
Temperatures will remain below normal through the week. 

For the latest, download the WRCB weather app.