Updated: December 31, 2021 3:18 AM

Good morning, watch for areas of patchy fog until about 10am. There will also be
brief, spotty showers this morning. Overall, Friday will be mostly cloudy with a
few showers/storms. The most likely period at midday. It'll be another warm one
with highs in the upper 60s. Isolated showers will be possible this evening, but
overall, New Year's Eve dinner plans should be mainly dry. There is a low chance
for a few storms to develop shortly before midnight and into the early morning
hours of Saturday. The main threat for rain and severe storms will be outside
our area from Memphis to Nashville, but our northwestern communities have been
placed under a Level 1 Marginal risk for an isolated severe storm. This is a
very low risk event. The much bigger concern for the weekend will be Saturday
night.

Saturday daytime will have scattered showers, but also much of the day will
simply be warm, dry, and breezy with wind gusts at 20-30mph. Saturday night will
be our Storm Alert Weather Day period. We've already been placed under a Level 3
Enhanced risk for severe storms, which means numerous severe storms are
possible. It'll be a line moving from west to east along a cold front. All modes
of severe weather: damaging wind gusts (primary), tornadoes, and hail. Plus,
flooding will become a concern, too. Timing will likely fluctuate. As of now,
7pm to 4am ET from W to E.

Our highs for Sunday will happen in the early morning hours, and then generally
drop for the rest of the day -- low 50s by lunchtime and 30s by the evening.
Additional rain showers with a secondary system should transition Sunday night
into wintry mix and snow. This snow will primarily be a higher elevation event.
Then, everyone will wake up on Monday morning with frigid temps in the 20s.

For the latest, download the WRCB weather app.