Updated: February 13, 2021 3:01 PM

From now through Sunday, we're in a relatively quiet period for weather. It'll
be cloudy and cool. This evening in the 40s for most and lows in the mid-30s.
The Cumberland Plateau will be colder in the 30s for the evening and 20s for
tonight. Sunday will remain cloudy with highs near 44. It'll be mainly dry
during the day with only a slim spotty drizzle chance. 

Then, things change Sunday night and for Monday. We enter an active period for
weather, and you'll need to pay attention, especially for areas west of
Chattanooga.

A few isolated showers will develop Sunday evening, increasing early Monday
morning with the potential for freezing rain along the Cumberland Plateau,
mainly Grundy County. Watch for slick spots if driving overnight. Then, there
will be a slight lull period for Monday's daylight morning hours. 

Next, widespread rain will move into our area for Monday afternoon through night
(0.5-1"). For most locations, this will be cool rain only as surface temps will
be in the 40s. However, Grundy, Sequatchie, Bledsoe, Marion, Van Buren, and
Jackson Counties are right on the edge of colder surface air. It's becoming more
likely that you will have periods of freezing rain, and accumulations could be
around 0.25". Any time ice is greater than 0.25" that's a big cause for concern.
Hazardous travel on roads, tree limbs breaking, and power outages will all be
possible. If you're further east in any of the above counties, less ice is
expected. The western edges should be on the higher end, especially Grundy
County. Please, check back for forecast updates. Grundy County is under a Winter
Storm Watch from Sunday evening through Tuesday morning.

The system will move out with a little bit of wintry mix in the higher
elevations on Tuesday morning, and clouds will slowly decrease during the day
with highs in the low 40s.