Updated: January 3, 2022 3:10 AM

What a weather change overnight! We're staying in Storm Alert Weather Day mode
through the morning hours as snow showers will continue to affect our area. Snow
should finish for west of Chattanooga by about 5am (except for spitting
snowflakes), the central valley (Chattanooga, Cleveland, Dalton) by about 6am,
and our eastern communities by about 8am. Even the residual tiny
snowflakes/flurries should be done by about 10am. 

We have already received some reports of 2-4" on the mountains of the Cumberland
Plateau with additional light accumulations possible. The Chattanooga metro
(lower elevations) is warmer, so accumulations will be slushy and minimal at a
dusting-1", primarily on elevated surfaces. Valley locations to the east at
1-2", locally higher. Mountains to the east at 2-4", the tallest peaks at 3-5".
Once the snow stops in your area, it will begin to melt with most ground
temperatures above freezing.

Travel will be the most dangerous while snow is falling with low visibility and
slushy accumulations on the roads. Take the greatest caution on bridges,
overpasses, and secondary roads. Once the snow ends, road conditions should
improve, especially as it warms from 10am into midday.

It will also be windy today, especially in the morning, with a north breeze at
10-20mph, gusts at 25-30mph. Wind chills will be in the 20s for the morning, and
then afternoon highs today in the upper 30s to low 40s and wind chills staying
in the low 30s. Clouds will gradually clear through the day. 

Tonight will be mostly clear and very cold. Lows in the low to mid-20s. Any
residual puddles of water will need to be watched as black ice for Tuesday
morning. The rest of Tuesday will be mostly sunny with highs in the upper 40s.
Wednesday will have a mix of sun and clouds with highs in the low 50s. Thursday
will be another day to watch with rain showers, but also the potential for a
changeover to snow by nighttime as it gets colder again.